Add Lucide basics guide on site (#1521)
lucide-icons/lucide: docs/guide/advanced/filled-icons.md

# Filled Icons

> Fills are officially not supported.
> However all SVG properties are available on all icons.
> Fill can still be used, and will work fine on certain icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fills are officially not supported.
However, all SVG properties are available on all icons.
Fill can still be used and will work fine on certain icons.
```

Example with stars:

<!-- Code Example with stars -->

## Will Lucide have fills in the future?

> This feature is requested several times, so maybe it will be considered in future projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature has been requested several times, so maybe it will be considered in future projects.
```

If we had an open PR for the discussion, we could say `and discussion is heppening at #999` instead of `so maybe it will be considered in future projects.`

Author: yeah good one, we have this issue. So will link that one!

Author: Added it!
